welcome back feel this
Today we will explain to you
the ultimate quality rigor
all golden retriever mails
shooting for - Naples
the most difficult
the least known
so many
many colors
at photo shangai also play dogs
experienced players
to regulate this
says that apartment in residence
the quality of the weights per elisa being equal
sitecom fregona
you have to eat where the superior quality comes first
this is a typical rule of the Italian lady but it can appear like this
so refined a bit on furniture
because under, a precision day
even exasperated let us look at an example
which means in practice you see
in this position
white with this lady can eat
a leg is a pawn
with this word he cannot eat
greenhorn
in a world of good if the same
the quality is the same
pennette with this lady you eat the top quality first so we are
bound
stay this year
nothing is fine this what entails
I'll give you an example right away
realize what
this rule
I can play like anyone who wants to like this, I can also be above
indeed this situation is gorgeous
let's try this eye situation
talking is a little bit
particular believe me again
I would say almost
check why white is losing a third
if it goes on in black
I will capture r
in this position lying in the adventure advantage - instead
the rule we just launched allows us a shot
final is favorable with this move
butter ledion enterprise
just that mine can't eat this way
but he is forced to eat on this other side because, on May 1st
a dama
and then
I eat the bodyguard tissue
and here is what it means 3 pieces
2 years
in clinical practice
thank you
progamma this rule
see you next time
to eur the last of the dunes of weighs